>> Speaker 1: Andrew, go ahead my friend.
>> Speaker 2: When we
did the JSON that parse,
do we also add that execution on that
circle stack and strip it back off?
>> Speaker 1: They technically
do behind the scenes.
But because we didn't write
that function and therefore,
we don't really have any interest in it
been on there and like we're the threat
of execution that we could control
always going inside of there.
I see it as been distraction to
show it go on the course stack.
Technically, it does, because it runs
in JavaScript code behind the scenes.
But think of it instead as we're gonna
represent only functions we decide to
execute on there.
Because it doesn't have, we can't choose
to run another function inside of it,
because we don't get to control it,
so it's not that interesting, but
technically it does, yeah.
Michael.
>> Speaker 2: Does it
always return a string of
phi.json or can you get it in
other formats like raw or.
>> Speaker 1: So actually,
I don't know this too much here.
But actually, the data that comes in
from you're talking when the data comes
in from the background, it actually comes
in and in what's called a buffer format.
It actually doesn't come
in in stringified JSON,
until you convert it using JSON parse.
So I'm being a little bit sort of
cheeky here by saying it comes in
as stringified text.
It actually technically comes
in what’s called a buffer.
Which is a very flexible
way of storing data,
because it’s literally just
a series of zeros and ones.
And it's node’s way of
saying here’s generic data.
Now, run functions like to string, that
will turn it into a stringified version.
With .parse, it's alternate to
a string and parse it in one step.
So technically, it's a very nice
clarification from Michael.
Technically, the auto inserted data is
not actually already pre-stringified.
I mean, it is stringified here, but
when it gets parsed in it gets parsed
in as a series of zeroes and ones.
Known as a buffer data format and
that's actually what gets inserted here.
And then when we run JSON parse,
we convert it.
And so, I'm gonna guess that probably
inside our clean tweets function
if we're cleaning the tweets,
we must have had to stringified there, and
then turn it back into JSON.
I know it's stringified there, and
then parse the stringified version
when we brought it back out.
So it's a nice clarification Michael,
it turns out we have a very flexible
way of freeing data in of any type.
Image data, video data, text data,
it all come in in what is called
the buffer format which is
zeroes to one representation.
>> Speaker 2: And it's a string?
>> Speaker 1: It's technically,
that is a collection of zeroes and
ones that can be updated and
you can take pieces off it and
start working on them, and
add more pieces into it.
We'll see that in a second,
we'll see that in a second,
I promise very slight, Mohammed?
>> Speaker 2: Two quick points,
did I hear you mention in beginning
that you have to import efforts?
>> Speaker 1: We absolutely do, always
with any of these background features we
have to tend if we write
require HDP require FS.
It's a one line thing to get
access to this background feature.
I hold it off on here, just to keep
our code focused on what matters,
which is the interaction
between this feature.
But actually, we would have,
let's just make sure no one misses this,
actually the line above
would say FS =equals
require FS, and that's just gonna
set up our access to this feature.
Good addition, Mohammad,
yeah, is there a question?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, the error data,
is that come with inherent
to the FS function?
Or is that just a label that
you just named, why, what,
how could there be error dater
>> Speaker 1: The error dater
that actually gets created by a node.
What's the error dater that gets created
by a node here, because there's no error?
>> Speaker 2: Null.
>> Speaker 1: Null,
does that have a label?
Does that got a variable name for it?
>> Speaker 2: No.
>> Speaker 1: No, its everything
auto-created by a node has no inherent
label.
You'll see in the docs, it will be given
a label which is to me really unhelpful.
It makes you think there's an inherent
label, there's no inherent label.
There may be a name to better refer to
it colloquially among us as developers,
but there's no label in JavaScript for it.
We have to give it ourselves and
they're known as these, begins with p?
>> Speaker 2: Parameters.
>> Speaker 1: Parameters,
they're our placeholders that we
know will be filled in such that
we can access the data that gets filled,
what's the parameter name we gave for
the auto inserted error data?
Mohammad.
>> Speaker 2: Error data?
>> Speaker 1: It's error data,
what's the parameter
the name that we gave,
we could have called it,
here's the worst thing, people.
We could have done this and
called it data and
we could have called this one error data.
>> Speaker 2: And you'll lose your job.
>> Speaker 1: [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 2: But you could switch them
round, node has no idea those
are words meaning anything to us.
They're just placeholders, that as
long as we refer to them inside, so
if we were writing our
function in full Mohammed,
we would write if error data
console log error data.
If error data has a value other than null,
so actually, we could just write if error
data, because it would default to
being falsey, if we have null.
If error data is not null,
then console log that.
But, yeah, error data is just as long as
we refer to it inside the function by
the same name.
We could literally be terrible and
switch these labels.
It'd be horrible, but they're just this,
I'm gonna call this one, I'm gonna call
the data from now on, Mohammad's,
>> Speaker 1: Data.
>> Speaker 2: That's the non-error one,
right?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, yeah, yeah, you
thought I'd write on with the error one.
>> [LAUGH]
>> Speaker 1: You own the error,
Mohammed, you're gonna be the, no no.
Okay, so it's completely
arbitrary what we call them.
All that matters,
quite clearly, is the order and
this is known as the error first pattern.
Why they have the error,
auto create error,
information about
the error inserted first?
I do not know, I guess,
it's very important, right?
But it's the error first pattern where
the first bit of data, you can't miss it.
You know why they do it,
because it means you can't miss it.
Everyone otherwise,
not bother handling it,
the parameter would be just be my data's
it, I'm gonna get my data every time.
I'll make sure I always know the first
input is data, you can handle as many or
as few arguments you want
in JavaScript function.
You need to tell it to
handle all of the arguments.
So you get the data and you wouldn't even
bother handling the error parameter.
By putting it first, they're like,
[SOUND] you can't miss it,
it's gonna show up in your function as the
first input, you'd better be handling it.
So it's a small way given that service all
about the reality of working with things
outside of JavaScript, which is pretty
clean, and they're full of errors,
everything else, they're all full
of things that could go wrong.
Is that go ahead sir?
>> Speaker 2: Yeah, so let's see you
actually like, don't find the file or
something like that.
Then error will be triggered.
Would the important Tweets at all,
like run,
in terms of go look through the file,
because it doesn't really have to, right?
>> Speaker 1: That's our job to write code
in here saying if error data not null.
We can just write if error data,
because if it's got something in it
it's gonna be inherently truthy.
And therefore,
it'll evaluate if error datas are true,
if error data is true, do something else.
Handle the error and just write
a conditional to handle the error.
>> Speaker 2: But you can also do it the
same way that we did it with the server on
when you have a little flag that says
error, and then it calls a function.
>> Speaker 1: Well ,this is where all this
will go and look at the, yes, absolutely.
But this is where I draw the sort of
documentation and see exactly what type of
errors, and what sort of situations will
still need this function to run, and
what ones would lead event error to
trigger another function running.
And we can go to the documentation to
see the specifics of how it's done.